xargs: refresh page (#21353)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/xargs.md

> See also: `parallel`.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/findutils/manual/html_mono/find.html#Invoking-xargs>.

- Print the piped data:

> `{{arguments_source}} | xargs`

Reviewer: What's the use of this example? 🤔

> 

Author: Any idea why this uses sh instead of piping xargs to the next command?

> See also: `parallel`.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/findutils/manual/html_mono/find.html#Invoking-xargs>.

- Print what arguments xargs would receive:

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs`

- Run a command using the input data as arguments:

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{command}}`

- Execute the command once per argument:

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-n|--max-args]}} 1 {{command}}`

> - Raise the parallel process limit (default is 1). If the number is 0, xargs will run as many processes as possible at a time:

Reviewer: This phrasing isn't really clicking for me. How about something like this?

```suggestion
- Run the target command in up to N parallel processes (default is 1; 0 means as many processes as possible):
```

(and the arg placeholder would be `{{N}}`, accordingly)

Author: I personally never liked {{N}}. The natural language description feels more easily understandable.

> `{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-P|--max-procs]}} {{number}} {{[-n|--max-args]}} {{1}} {{command}}`

Author: It is not explicitly defined in the description.

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs -I _ {{command}} _ {{optional_extra_arguments}}`

- Prompt user for confirmation before executing command (confirm with `y` or `Y`):

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-p|--interactive]}} {{command}}`

- Allow the command to access the terminal for interactive input:

`{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-o|--open-tty]}} {{command}}`

- Parallel runs of up to `max-procs` processes at a time; the default is 1. If `max-procs` is 0, xargs will run as many processes as possible at a time:

> `{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-P|--max-procs]}} {{max-procs}} {{command}}`

Reviewer: IMHO making things too generic/abstract makes the examples harder to reason about. The "4" in the `find` example below feels more natural to help people quickly grasp how the actual command line would look like. So if we remove it, we should use the "4" here.

- Define maximum amount of parallel processes (default is 1). If the number is 0, xargs will run as many processes as possible at a time:

> `{{arguments_source}} | xargs {{[-P|--max-procs]}} {{number}} {{command}}`

Author: Alright. I only assumed so since you've been prevalent in the history of this file.

> `find . -name '*.log' -print0 | xargs {{[-0|--null]}} {{[-P|--max-procs]}} {{4}} {{[-n|--max-args]}} 1 gzip`

Reviewer: I agree these two examples are perhaps overly complex/specific, but I do think we should keep at least one -P example. The first one, which is more generic, is probably preferable.

What do you have in mind for the -a example?

> `find . -name '*.log' -print0 | xargs {{[-0|--null]}} {{[-P|--max-procs]}} {{4}} {{[-n|--max-args]}} 1 gzip`

Author: `-a` would be used to read a text file for arguments instead of using another command to read it. `xargs -a args.txt command` instead of `cat args.txt | xargs command`. I'm willing to drop the idea if you think it's redundant.
